#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==0.13.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
altair==4.1.0
    # via great-expectations
argon2-cffi==20.1.0
    # via notebook
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
attrs==21.2.0
    # via jsonschema
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
backports.zoneinfo==0.2.1
    # via tzlocal
bleach==4.0.0
    # via nbconvert
cachetools==4.2.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2021.5.30
    # via requests
cffi==1.14.6
    # via argon2-cffi
charset-normalizer==2.0.4
    # via requests
clang==5.0
    # via tensorflow
click==8.0.1
    # via great-expectations
colorama==0.4.4
    # via
    #   click
    #   ipython
    #   tqdm
cycler==0.10.0
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.4.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.0.9
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.3
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
flatbuffers==1.12
    # via tensorflow
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow
google-auth==1.35.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.5
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
great-expectations==0.13.30
    # via -r requirements.in
grpcio==1.39.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.1.0
    # via tensorflow
idna==3.2
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==4.6.4
    # via great-expectations
importlib-resources==5.2.2
    # via sweetviz
ipykernel==6.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
    #   notebook
ipython==7.26.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   keras-tuner
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   traitlets
ipywidgets==7.6.3
    # via great-expectations
jedi==0.18.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.0.1
    # via
    #   altair
    #   great-expectations
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   sweetviz
joblib==1.0.1
    # via scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.32
    # via great-expectations
jsonpointer==2.1
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   great-expectations
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==7.0.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==4.7.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.1.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==1.0.0
    # via ipywidgets
keras==2.6.0
    # via tensorflow
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
keras-tuner==1.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
kiwisolver==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
kt-legacy==1.0.4
    # via keras-tuner
markdown==3.3.4
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sweetviz
matplotlib-inline==0.1.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==0.8.4
    # via
    #   great-expectations
    #   nbconvert
nbclient==0.5.4
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.1.0
    # via notebook
nbformat==5.1.3
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
notebook==6.4.3
    # via widgetsnbextension
numpy==1.19.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   great-expectations
    #   h5py
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   keras-tuner
    #   matplotlib
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   sweetviz
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
packaging==21.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   keras-tuner
pandas==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   great-expectations
    #   sweetviz
pandocfilters==1.4.3
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.2
    # via jedi
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==8.3.1
    # via matplotlib
prometheus-client==0.11.0
    # via notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.20
    # via ipython
protobuf==3.17.3
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pygments==2.10.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyterlab-pygments
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   great-expectations
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   great-expectations
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   great-expectations
    #   pandas
pywin32==301
    # via jupyter-core
pywinpty==1.1.3
    # via terminado
pyzmq==22.2.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   great-expectations
    #   keras-tuner
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.7.2
    # via google-auth
ruamel.yaml==0.17.13
    # via great-expectations
ruamel.yaml.clib==0.2.6
    # via ruamel.yaml
scikit-learn==0.24.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.7.1
    # via
    #   great-expectations
    #   keras-tuner
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sweetviz
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via notebook
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   absl-py
    #   argon2-cffi
    #   astunparse
    #   bleach
    #   cycler
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   grpcio
    #   jsonschema
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   protobuf
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorflow
sweetviz==2.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorboard==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keras-tuner
    #   tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.0
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-estimator==2.6.0
    # via tensorflow
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via
    #   great-expectations
    #   tensorflow
terminado==0.11.1
    # via notebook
testpath==0.5.0
    # via nbconvert
threadpoolctl==2.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
toolz==0.11.1
    # via altair
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.62.2
    # via
    #   great-expectations
    #   sweetviz
traitlets==5.0.5
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
typing-extensions==3.7.4.3
    # via tensorflow
tzdata==2021.1
    # via tzlocal
tzlocal==3.0
    # via great-expectations
urllib3==1.26.6
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
werkzeug==2.0.1
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.37.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
widgetsnbextension==3.5.1
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via tensorflow
zipp==3.5.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
